---
layout: post
title: Ideas on Soylent
modified: 2014-04-12
category: articles
---

Humans need to eat food in order to survive. As a consequence, we have developed most of our culture and traditions around food. We have lots of emotional attachment towards food, and often hold strong opinions on diet. 

Personally, I have developed a relationship with food that is fairly quantified. I enjoy learning about what food is composed of in order to reach my health goals of better athletic performance and wellbeing. I have done some experiments with my diet, gaining 45 pounds of (mostly) athletic mass throughout university by lifting weights and observing my caloric and macronutrient intake. 

On the other hand, I also realize that food is fun. I like cookies, breads and beer. I think that getting angry with myself about foods that I "shouldn't eat" isn't helping my emotional wellbeing. 

One of my favourite things about food is sharing it with others. Cooking for friends and family is one of my favourite things to do: sharing a meal is humanizing. 

I have come to realize that it is difficult to make each meal nutritious, cheap and convenient. Sometimes I wish that I could take a pill that constitutes a healthy meal instead of compromising my health/budget/time. 

###Enter Soylent

[Soylent](http://soylent.me/) is a powdered meal replacement. It's cheap, convenient, and arguably healthy. I am fascinated by it. In an ideal world, I could eat Soylent for 2/3 of my diet, and use the money I save to treat my friends/colleagues to a meal. 

Anyways, this is more of a personal diary than anything else. Thanks for reading!

<br>
-Charlie


