---
layout: post
title: Books I have read so far this Summer
modified: 2014-07-18
category: articles
image:
  feature: kindle.jpg
  credit: unsplash
  creditlink: http://unsplash.com/
---
I had some time to do reading while travelling through the Wild West of Colorado, Utah, Nevada and California. Here are my brief thoughts about these books.

####Monster of Florence - Robert Preston & Mario Spezi

This was the first book I read this summer. It's a true story about a serial killer that stalked the Florentine hills in the 1970's. The book is divided into two parts: The first follows the reporter Mario Spezi during the 1970's and 80's in Florence Italy while the second follows the writer Robert Preston as he moves his family to Florence to write a book on the Killer. The plot was thrilling enough, but I really enjoyed learning about Italian history and Florence as the center of the Renaissance. Additionally, I was enthralled by the truly eccentric characters in a modernizing italy (think taking the red Alfa Romeo to Monaco on a whim). I didn't like reading this book about a rest-stop serial killer while spending the night at a highway rest-stop. 


####Fathers and Sons - Ivan Turgenev

This book is very relevant to me. The book features college graduates Bazarov and Arkady who are returning home to the country after studying in the city. During their studies, they have become Nihilists and no longer relate to their "romantic" families. Perhaps if I was younger I would sympathize with the young graduates, but I found the fathers to be very wise. It is relevant to me as I have just graduated university and am in a transitionary period like the young men. The characters were vivid, and I percieved a lot of similarities to people in my life. It was fascinating to go back and observe interactions in 19th century Russia.

####That was then, This is now - S.E. Hinton

This was a quick read, but really compelling. I was emotionally invested in the characters, and was very affected at points in the book. It's funny how reading stories makes you reflect on your own life and relationships, isn't it?

####The Great Gatsby - F. Scott Fitzgerald

It's no wonder to me why this thing is a masterpiece. I have read this book a couple times before but I'm glad I came back again. I am shocked by the depth of the writing and how much meaning he crams into an elegant sentence. Beautiful book and a critique on modern society and its members. It reminded me of the catcher in the Rye. Fitzgeralds Nick Carraway is hypocritical: frustrated by the people around him yet goes along for the ride. This reminds me of JD Salinger's Holden Caulfield

####Liars Poker - Michael Lewis

I have wanted to read this one for a long time. Michael Lewis is brilliant, he offers great insight into topics that may seem a little worn out. This one is about working at an investment bank in New York and the insane culture of Money. Very funny book, with a surprising amount of humility and insight. 

