---
layout: post
title: Books that I have read in 2015
modified: 2016-01-14
category: articles
image:
  feature: kindle.jpg
  credit: unsplash
  creditlink: http://unsplash.com/
---
2015 Was a new year for me! I worked a full time job as a software developer at a company called vision critical. Working 9-5 gave me some time to pursue reading for pleasure. I am writing this in retrospect, so maybe I will forget a couple!

####Flash Boys - Michael Lewis
This was the first michael Lewis book I read this year. After reading this and Liars Poker I decided to read anything Michael Lewis I could get my hands on. It combined all of my favourite things: programming, high finance, and perverse macroeconomic incentives. 

####The Big Short - Michael Lewis
This was one of my favourite reads of 2015. I downloaded this on my kindle and read it when I was in Colombia on vacation. I preach the story to everyone I talk to. Hollywood made a Brad Pitt movie based on the book, so now people are more willing to take my earbeating. 

####The New New Thing - Michael Lewis
More Michael lewis. This one is all about internet pioneers in during the dot com boom. The dawn of the supergeeks. 

####MoneyBall - Michael Lewis
This was the most boring Michael Lewis book. Baseball statistics are interesting but still a lot more bland than High Finance. I'm surprised they made a Brad Pitt movie about this one first. 

####Boomerang - Michael Lewis
I think the formatting of this book is the most accessible of all Michael Lewis books. It is broken down into different sections for different countries and how they were affected by the financial crisis. The book tells the stories of: Greece, Iceland, Ireland, California, and Germany. 

####Harry Potter y la piedra filosofal - J.K. Rowling
Before going to Colombia I figured I should dust off my rusty spanish. For the two months leading up to the vacation I practiced spanish on Duolingo and then started crushing Harry potter books.
####Harry Potter y la cámara secreta - J.K. Rowling
I tried to read the books in chronological order.

####Harry Potter y el cáliz de fuego - J.K. Rowling
Then I gave up and read my favourite Harry Potter book: The Goblet of Fire. 

####Blood Meridian - Cormac McCarthy
My roomate Liam is a big fan of Cormac McCarthy. What I liked: Vivid descriptions of Western Nature. What I didn't like as much: Vivid descriptions of horrific violence. 

####Breakfast of Champions - Kurt Vonnegut
Kurt Vonnegut is funny. I enjoyed this book, but I'm not completely obsessed like everyone else seems to be. For my next Vonnegut book I will read it with more gusto. I hypothesize that you get out of it what you put into it. 

####Catcher in the Rye - J.D. Salinger
I read this book over a few days during Christmas. I sympathize with Holden Caulfield. At first, everyone is a phony. Then, he realizes life isn't so bad. 

####From Renos to Riches: The Canadian Real Estate Investor's Guide to Practical and Profitable Renovations  - Ian Szabo
I have been reading personal finance blogs, and a lot of people talk about real estate as a means to achieve financial independence. I thought this book was awesome. It is Canadian, and focuses on providing value for renters through cheap, high quality renovations. Definitely less cheesy than the title suggests. 

####Creativity Inc - Amy Wallace and Edwin Catmull
My team lead, Dmitri, lent me this book. I enjoyed getting some lessons about management and corporate culture from the guys who have done it the best.

#### Open - Andre Agassi
Wow, being a professional athlete sounds awesome. I love autobiographies. 

#### The Secret Race - Tyler Hamilton
I am fascinated by professional athletics and their training methodologies. It was refeshing to get an honest recount of PED use in sports.

####Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
Nabokov is an incredible writer. I really enjoyed his prose: it had me laughing out loud. The subject matter is a little controversial. 

####Javascript: The Good Parts
I have read this book repeatedly since I started my job. I keep getting more out of it. 

####Clean Code
Great book! I will keep reading this as long as I am a software engineer. 